Hi, my name is Sarah and welcome to a day
in the life of a software engineer, come
on in.
So, I woke up at 5 today, I already got
my workout in, I took care of my fur kids
and gave them a little love, but I
officially can't start my workday without
a cup of coffee, so I make a cup of coffee.
A software engineer develops software for
multiple companies.
I have been working at my company for
about 5 years, but I have been coding for
a little over a decade .My usual schedule
is 8 to 4 and it is kind of nice to be
able to take a break here and there to do
anything that I need to around the house
or go to a store if I need to .So, the
tasks that I perform on a daily basis
include updating my code if somebody
requested a change that I make, sometimes
I spend a lot of time replying to emails
if that is necessary, I check in on my
interns to see if they need any help with anything,